Now before diving into
setting up OpenID Connect with AWS,
there's one thing I wanna do first.
I'll create a website hosting bucket again
so that this example which I wanna show you will work again,
and here I'll give it a name, gha-security-hosting-demo,
anything like this, must be a unique bucket name
as mentioned in a previous course section.
Region is us-east-1 let's say.
We have to turn on Block All Public Access
and check this box down here,
and with that we can create this bucket,
and once the bucket was created
we can click into it.
Under Properties, we can enable Static Website Hosting,
set the Index Document to index.html and save that,
and under Permissions,
we now must add a bucket policy.
For that we can go to Policy Examples
and pick the example regarding the read-only permissions
for an anonymous user,
copy that policy and paste it in here.
Make sure there's no white space
in front of the opening curly brace,
and then use our bucket name, gha-security-hosting-demo
in my case, and use that down here.
Insert this, make sure you have no typo,
and then save this bucket policy.
And now we could upload files here
which would then be hosted or served as a website.
So that's the prerequisite.
Now in the next lecture,
we'll enable OpenID Connect with AWS and GitHub Actions.